docs/troubleshooting/index.rst, before:

.. _troubleshooting:

Troubleshooting
######################

This section will grow over time. I will add items here, which I believe represent items which more commonly trip people up.

.. _faq-mdns:

Cannot open Keg Cop by Name
*****************************

- Windows requires `Bonjour Print Services for Windows <https://support.apple.com/kb/DL999?locale=en_US>`_ to be installed to find local devices by name.  Technically, newer OS versions and patch levels have mDNS support; however, that is only for 64-bit applications.  Most web browsers are 32-bit.
- If you are on Windows 10 and still have issues, see the article: `Disable Windows mDNS <https://superuser.com/questions/1330027/how-to-enable-mdns-on-windows-10-build-17134>`_
- On Windows to check if mDNS is working properly (independent of connecting to the controller), you can use `Bonjour Browser <https://hobbyistsoftware.com/bonjourbrowser>`_

.. image:: bonjour_browser.png
    :scale: 50%
    :align: center
    :alt: Controller Settings

- Android phones have had a questionable history of support for mDNS - likely because the technology was adopted early on by Apple and is heavily ingrained in the Apple ecosystem.  Reportedly, under ChromeOS 80 the Chrome Browser *does* resolve mDNS names (.local). Under Android 10, it does not.  There is an issue on the `Issue Tracker <https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/140786115>`_, which is an interesting mix of phanbois giving reasons why it should not be supported, and real users who want it.
- From an Android smartphone, you can use something like `Service Browser <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.druk.servicebrowser>`_ to browse mDNS services on your local network.

Commit message:

Bulk load (#131)
* Add gettheme so we can set without settings.htm

* Add getTheme() to set themese on all pages

* Add json merge capability

* Add /bulkload/ route

* Add base pages

* Rename config files

* Split out config handling

* Split out common json tools

* Add bulk handler

* Rename config object to app

* Use functions across files

* Rename config files

* Reduce string duplication

* Reduce data copy in config load

* Fix debug print

* Change config file name

* Clean up externs

* Move JSON to stack

* Cleanup strings

* Move back to dynamic type

* Move back to dynamic type

* Fix typo

* Move common function to common file

* Allow builds outside of a repo

* Macro-define bulk functions

* Refactor API

* Add semaphores to prevent windup

* Save these for later

* Use SPIFFS Editor

* Finish vestigial file management

docs/troubleshooting/index.rst, after:

.. _troubleshooting:

Troubleshooting
######################

This section will grow over time. I will add things here representing items that more commonly trip people up.

.. _faq-mdns:

Backup and Restore
********************

A vestigial UI has been created if you desire to back up or restore your configuration.  You may find this by navigating to `http://{kegcopname}.local/edit` (or via the IP address.)

.. image:: filesystem_editor.png
    :scale: 50%
    :align: center
    :alt: Filesystem Editor

Here you can:

- `List Files` on the controller filesystem, or;
- `Upload File` to the filesystem

Note that if you upload a file of the same name, the original will be overwritten without confirmation.

The two configuration files are:

- `appconfig.json` - Contains configuration for the controller and the UI
- `flowconfig.json` - Contains information about your taps and tapped kegs

If you upload a configuration file, you must immediately reset the controller via the reset button (or a power cycle.)  If you wait or use the controller reset functionality in the UI, the configuration you upload will be overwritten with the original.

If the JSON is incomplete, the system will revert to default settings.  If there are extra fields, they will be overwritten.  If the JSON is invalid, the application will write a new default configuration in its place.  Be sure you check your JSON format before you upload.

Cannot open Keg Cop by Name
*****************************

- Windows requires `Bonjour Print Services for Windows <https://support.apple.com/kb/DL999?locale=en_US>`_ to be installed to find local devices by name.  Technically, newer OS versions and patch levels have mDNS support; however, that is only for 64-bit applications.  Most web browsers are 32-bit.
- If you are on Windows 10 and still have issues, see the article: `Disable Windows mDNS <https://superuser.com/questions/1330027/how-to-enable-mdns-on-windows-10-build-17134>`_
- On Windows, to check if mDNS is working properly (independent of connecting to the controller), you can use `Bonjour Browser <https://hobbyistsoftware.com/bonjourbrowser>`_

.. image:: bonjour_browser.png
    :scale: 50%
    :align: center
    :alt: Controller Settings

- Android phones have had a questionable history of support for mDNS - likely because the technology was adopted early on by Apple and is heavily ingrained in the Apple ecosystem.  Reportedly, under ChromeOS 80 the Chrome Browser *does* resolve mDNS names (.local). Under Android 10, it does not.  There is an issue on the `Issue Tracker <https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/140786115>`_, which is an interesting mix of phanbois giving reasons why it should not be supported, and real users who want it.
- From an Android smartphone, you can use something like `Service Browser <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.druk.servicebrowser>`_ to browse mDNS services on your local network.
